Update issue templates (#196)
ldtteam/Structurize: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/enhancement-or-change-request---if-you-have-something-what-you-would-like-to-change-or-make-better.md

---

> name: Enhancement or Change request - If you have something what you would like to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Enhancement or Change Request - If you have something you would like to change or make better
```
Same line?

>   change or make better

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
(see above)

> about: Please follow the given template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Please follow the given template.
```

title: ''

> labels: Enhancement / Change Request

Author: you can't change labels this way :D

Reviewer: You can't? I thought it would create a new one.

Author: But there is one already :D

assignees: ''

---

<!-- PLEASE DO NOT DELETE TOPICS AS YOUR ISSUE WILL GET CLOSED -->

> ### Prerequisites <!-- replace "space" with "x" for ticking the boxes -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites <!-- Replace spaces with "x" to tick boxes. -->
```

- [ ] I am running the latest **alpha** version of Structurize for my Minecraft version.

> - [ ] I checked the MineColonies/Structurize [Wiki](https://wiki.minecolonies.ldtteam.com/) and made sure that my issue is not covered there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I checked the MineColonies/Structurize [wiki](https://wiki.minecolonies.ldtteam.com/) and made sure that my issue is not covered there.
```

- [ ] I made sure that **this change request is not a duplicate of any existing change request.**

> ### Context <!-- Exact version, eg: 0.9.126-ALPHA or 0.9.2-RELEASE, please don't just give the Minecraft version you're playing.-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Context <!-- Exact Structurize version (e.g. 0.9.126-ALPHA or 0.9.2-RELEASE) *and* the Minecraft version you're playing, please.-->
```

Author: minecolonies unrelated, edited

- Minecraft Version:

> - Structurize Version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Structurize Version:
- MineColonies Version (if related change):
- Related Mods and their Versions:
```

## Is your feature request related to a problem?

> <!-- A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...] -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex: I'm always frustrated when... -->
```

## Enhancement or Change description
<!-- A clear and concise description of what you want to happen. -->

### Notes or related things

> <!-- Everything else you would like to say -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Anything else you would like to say. -->
```

---
## Viewers

* Add a thumbs-up to the change request to vote for it. This helps the request become more visible to the team and doesn't clutter the comments.

> * Optionally add a comment with any insight and background you have that isn't already part of the conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a comment if you have any insights or background information that isn't already part of the conversation.
```
